A wide desert plane. Two geometric cowboys stare each other down.
Camera drifts in; a hard noon sun burns above.
Left: a hat brim, a steady shoulder, a hand near the holster.
Right mirrors the stance; everything is symmetry and distance.
From overhead, straight sight-lines sketch the duel.
The gap between them is the stage, a single measured line.
Back to the wide shot. Stillness returns.
A tumbleweed rolls through, a circle tracing time.
Wind lines slide across the ground; the moment stretches.
Draw. Each gun snaps to a perfect line toward the other.
Tiny flashes: geometry of aim, no words needed.
We pull back; two figures frozen in balance.
The geometry of a standoff.